all appear to be standing okay they are
and it is a good start for race and
medicine to the inside Harry
Jerry White's out is all over the place
lights out is out entirely and now Harry
Gary has made a right-hand turn as a
matter of fact all kind of congregating
here on the outside its Harry Caray
though he gets his head about him and
he's going to go on and win it it's
Harry Caray to win the all-male revue
camel challenge followed by Shawn
Michelle then race and Benson and the
very difficult lights outs but Harry
Gary got the win was the toughest to
load in the gate and that stubbornness
proved effective in the first of all our
camel races today couple of them now
with their heads sticking out of the
bottom of the gates
you wanna get that they are a Shari
baby loses the rider right away so does
can't you Connie an Americana might win
by default
hanging on his parent is to all the
other two riders are already off and
this could be a walkover but now turning
around and making a complete 180 and
finally unlocked is Karen is bail we're
going to give that one to an Americana
cuz she's gonna just go on and win here
without the rider but still a victory
nonetheless for an Americana kept the
rider on the longest and was the winner
looks like everyone's okay
and it looks like the winner has gone
rogue here they are and a very good
start for Harry Gary again recent
Mexican is up quickly also it's Shawn
the shop
it's Harry Gary he's going to get his
sweep tearing his bells gonna take this
sweep two for two at second was recent
Mets and Holly Pearson tried to run down
Karen his Bell on Harry Gary that was
Shawn the Shah and lights out finish
last but they were all talent in victory
at defeat today with our camel and
ostrich races thank you to all of our
riders and thank you of course to you
our great fans for coming out and
enjoying a bit of fun today here at turf
paradise with camel and ostrich racing
here at turf paradise
you